part 1
------

2. Everyday I run a 3 mile loop in Brooklyn. I always listen to
the TRON film score on my iPod nano.

3. When I started, I didn't know if I was getting faster. It bothered me. Was I getting faster?
I didn't want to use an app, because my phone is big and clunky. I didn't have a timer.
A solution emerged naturally.

4. Since my route and my soundtrack is ALWAYS the same when vivid moments in the music occur,
I instantly remember exactly where I was the last time I heard that moment.
Over time vivid moments started happening further and further down the route.
I set goals like "be at the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory by the time the Son of Flynn's ambient bridge starts"

4. Do I get bored of the same soundtrack / the same route?
Not really - I'm racing yesterday's self everyday - it's a fun challenge.

part 2
------

1. When I was 5 I had my eyes tested at school. I was told my eyesight was really bad
and that I needed glasses.

2. Glasses didn't help. There was a bigger problem at work here.  FSR I was diagnosed as an albino.
Then a smart guy did a bunch of tests on me and figured out that I have optic neuropathy. Explain that.
Approximately 1/4 as good as yours. In some countries legally blind. Can't drive. Was never able
to see the board in classes etc. Basically my family thought I was screwed for life. My biggest
disappointment was not being an Astronaut!

3. The brain is an adaptive machine.
-- So per unit of time my brain is receiving 1/4 as much information from my eyes as yours is.
-- So what are those bits of brain that - in your head process all that extra visual information
doing in my head?
-- Well they're not doing nothing. It's widely held in neurology that in these situations,
the brain is adaptive. Those neurons are part of structures that are doing other things.
- Basically - more processing of input from other senses (hearing, touch, taste, smell)
and extra 'thinking'

4. Deterioration and hypothesis around increased 'other' mental capacities

